Add Libconfig and Hue File (#337)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/hue.md

---
name: Hue
category: Content mgmt platforms
description: Hue is an open-source web interface that simplifies the use of Apache Hadoop and other big data platforms. 
download_url: https://github.com/cloudera/hue/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version: 
    version_number: 4.10
    release_date: 2021/06/11

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://gethue.com/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options: 
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: 
        partner_content: 
        official_docs: https://github.com/cloudera/hue/blob/master/README.md
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: 
    release_notes__recommended_minimum: 

>     other_info: There are no release notes or binaries present for Linux/ARM64. Hue version 4.10 is installed and tested on the Neoverse N1, using steps mentioned in the [README.md](https://github.com/cloudera/hue/blob/master/README.md). Also please find link for the PR(https://github.com/cloudera/hue/pull/2531).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: There are no release notes or binaries present for Linux/ARM64. Hue version 4.10 is installed and tested on the Neoverse N1, using steps mentioned in the [README.md](https://github.com/cloudera/hue/blob/master/README.md). The [PR](https://github.com/cloudera/hue/pull/2531) confirms the support for Linux/ARM64.
```

>     other_info: There are no release notes or binaries present for Linux/ARM64. Hue version 4.10 is installed and tested on the Neoverse N1, using steps mentioned in the [README.md](https://github.com/cloudera/hue/blob/master/README.md). The [PR](https://github.com/cloudera/hue/pull/2531) confirms the support for Linux/ARM64.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: There are no release notes or binaries present for Linux/ARM64. Hue version 4.10 is installed and tested on the Neoverse N1, using steps mentioned in the [README.md](https://github.com/cloudera/hue/blob/master/README.md). [This PR](https://github.com/cloudera/hue/pull/2531) confirms the support for Linux/ARM64.
```
